do you think marriage is a joke
you think it's child's play
I don't understand
you think you can marry somebody one day
and then marry somebody else the next
I don't think that
but that's what Connie thinks of my marriage
perhaps you should ask her grandma
Connie and Jack are young
young people make mistakes
especially in love
but marriage is so much more than that
you're right marriage is commitment
it's partnership it's companionship
it's honesty and trust and Jack broke all of that
so you think I should just be okay with you Marin
Nathan Forbes
all of a sudden he doesn't even have a job
this is the latest congressional poll
grammar rose as you can see
after the Taylor Burn diamond incident
and well
today's event went viral
Nathan has the undeniable lead
it's gonna be a congressman in no time
and Jack
will be a nobody for the rest of his life